Add documentation on external reward functions (v0.4-alpha) (#74)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/content/en/concepts/rewards/external.md

---
type: docs

> title: "External Reward Functions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Reward Function Files"
```

> linkTitle: "External"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "Reward Function Files"
```

weight: 15
---

> External reward functions should be defined in a single Python file. The packages that can be imported are limited to what is [imported by the AI Engine](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/blob/trunk/ai/src/requirements/common.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reward functions may be defined in a single Python (.py) file.

This file may be authored in standard Python3.8+ code and the file may define global functions and import packages.

The packages that can be imported are limited to what is [imported by the AI Engine](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/blob/trunk/ai/src/requirements/common.txt).
```

## Action Reward

> For each action defined in the Spicepod, a corresponding function (i.e. action reward) should be defined in the Python file. The mapping of action -> function name is specified in the manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each action defined in the Spicepod manifest, a corresponding function (i.e. action reward) should be defined in the Python file. The mapping of action to function name is specified in the manifest using the `with` node.
```

> The function signature that your action reward should implement looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each reward function should match the following function signature, with the function name matching that defined in the Spicepod manifest.
```

    """
    Returns a reward given the action and observation space

    Args:
        action_name: The name of the action to generate a reward for
        current_state: Value of the observation state when the action was recommended
        current_state_interpretations: Array of interpretations for current_state
        next_state: Value of the observation state that immediately follows current_state
        next_state_interpretations: Array of interpretations for next_state

            Note: As interactive environments are not fully supported, it may not make sense to use
                    next_state when calculating the reward

    Returns:
        (float): The reward that the agent should receive for taking this action.
    """
```

Learn more about interpretations [here]({{<ref "concepts/interpretations">}}).

### Example

For the following manifest:

```yaml
training:
  reward_funcs: my_reward.py
  rewards:
    - reward: buy
      with: buy_reward
    - reward: sell
      with: sell_reward
    - reward: hold
      with: hold_reward
```

> Define a python file with the following contents to implement the reward functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Author a Python file with the following content to define the reward functions:
```
